Wake up.
Wake up, Senpai-kun.
You're finally awake.
Wh-Where am I?
This is Chichibu Nagatoro.
Congratulations.
You have been chosen to be
the savior of this world.
What?
Who are you?
Savior?
What are you talking about?
There's a really bad demon lord on the loose.
Things are looking pretty bad.
Help us.
Sorry, but I don't have any suitable powers.
Sniff, sniff...
Wow!
You're qualified to become a great wizard.
A great wizard?
Yup.
You have a unique skille
called "Virgin for Life."
I'm not happy about that at all.
So, anyway, here.
Wh-What do I do with this?
Quit grumbling and go help us!
Off you go.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
You're a Wimp, Senpai♥
What do I do?
I don't even know how to use magic!
Was that magic just now?
Wh-Where am I?
G-Go away!
Damn it!
Did that do it?
I-It didn't work.
Nekotoro's on the scene!
Nagatoro?
It's Nekotoro.
Wh-What?
You seem kind of flimsy.
I feel bad for you, so I'll
stick around for a while.
Come on. We have to get going.
We're going on an adventure to
defeat the demon lord. Let's go!
H-How do you know about that?
It's common sense!
Here I go, Senpai.
R-Right.
Look out!
Senpai...
Let's counterattack.
All right!
Senpai, that was badass.
N-No, I just...
Let's keep going until we
beat the demon lord, Senpai.
D-Do you think we can?
Of course we can, as long as we're together.
Ow, ow...
You kicked me so hard.
Gamo-chan.
I see.
She'd been turned into a monster by magic.
The demon lord might be tough,
but if three of us join forces...
Not three.
Four.
Four?
Yoshi hatches!
Uh...
Looks like the demon lord's not here.
She is.
Ta-da.
I'm Demon Lord Magatoro.
Demon Lord Magagamo.
Demon Lord Magayoshi here.
You're not getting out of here alive, Senpai.
Y-You tricked me!
"You tricked me!" he says.
What a wimp.
Damn it!
No...
Did you think I was in love
with you or something?
Because I kissed you on the cheek?
Ew, what a creep.
What kind of woman would fall
for a creepy loser like you?
Yeah!
Give me a break, Senpai.
I never should have opened up
to the likes of her.
You're going to be our toy forever, Senpai.
You'd better make it fun.
Hey, it's Senpai.
'Sup, Senpai?!
'Sup...
What are you doing here?
My summer homework.
Why are you hiding it?
No reason!
What a poser, doing homework
at a family restaurant.
Poser!
Senpai!
What's this?
What is this?
I-I don't know!
It's not mine!
These are definitely your drawings, Senpai.
N-No, they aren't!
What's this? Cat ears?
Is this me?!
I said...
it's not!
I'm taking this notebook, then.
D-Don't!
Senpai! Let's Go to the Beach!!
It's blazing hot today, and the
beach is bustling with people.
It's summer break. You gotta hit the beach!
It's hot, but beaches are the best.
I know, right?
Right?
No way.
The beach in the summer?
Thank goodness for air conditioning.
Calling
Nagatoro
H-Hello?
Senpai!
I bet you're wasting your summer
watching TV and eating an ice pop.
Wh-What do you want?
Summer's going to be over before you know it,
and you'll have done nothing.
In light of that, let's go to the beach!
Senpai!
Over here.
Wow, Paisen actually showed up.
That's hilarious.
Her friends are here, too.
Man, you're the last person I'd
expect to see on the summer beach.
Out of place!
Shut up.
Nah, not necessarily.
Senpai would be like those things
scuttling around the rocks.
Sea lice!
Cackle! Cackle!
Hear that? Sea Louse Paisen.
Sea Louse Senpai!
Who are you calling a sea louse?
Oh, my bad.
Sea lice live in groups.
Unlike loners like you, Senpai.
You're one of the odd ones out.
Loner sea louse!
Cackle! Cackle!
Loner Louse Senpai!
Loner Louse!
Loner Louse! Loner Louse!
They're so excited.
Maybe coming close to the beach
brings out their popular kid spirit.
Loner Louse!
Splash!
I'm actually here.
The beach in summer.
There we go.
What are you looking at, Paisen?
I-I'm not looking!
Don't you think that's a bit too
much ogling, even for a virgin?
Ogling!
N-No! I'm not...
What?
I couldn't hear you.
Boo!
He's, like, "Uwah!"
So funny.
I-I'm going to buy drinks.
Get me something, too.
Me, too.
Senpai.
Something for me, too.
R-Right.
All right, let's swim.
Swim! Swim!
Come on, Senpai! Let's swim.
I-I'm not swimming.
What?!
Yup, he's definitely...
...a loner sea louse.
Go, go, both of you!
Hayacchi wins!
Yeah!
Damn it!
You didn't actually think you'd
beat a swim club member, did you?
You're just filling in.
I'll race you, too.
All right, it's on.
Let him be.
He wants to be a loner louse.
What the hell am I doing?
This is a hangout for popular kids.
There's nothing good about being outside.
What's up, Senpai?
I'm sketching.
Hey, do you not know how to swim?
W-Well...
I can swim, kinda.
I just hate how it hurts
when you get sunburned.
That's true.
You're a pale bean sprout.
Who are you calling a bean sprout?!
Don't worry about sunburn, though.
I'll put some sunscreen on you, Senpai.
I-It's fine!
Hey, you did bring your swimsuit.
It's only just in case!
This is that case.
Okay, lie down flat.
This is bad.
She's going to put sunscreen on me, and...
S-Stop!
She's dragging me into the water!
It's okay.
I'll put it on gently.
W-Wait!
Isn't that s-something you do
with someone you're dating?
Y-You and I aren't like that.
Besides, if the kids from school found out,
they're going to give you hell, too.
You're right.
We aren't dating or anything.
I guess I'll put it on rough.
Wh-What are you...
You deserve to be treated rough, Senpai.
You look so pathetic, Senpai.
What?
N-Nothing, it just looked kind of fun.
I'm not having fun.
Are you sure?
Stop that!
Oh, come on.
Come on!
I said, no!
Why not? Just a little.
Just a little!
No!
He's going to break.
Just get off of me, already!
We used up the whole bottle.
That should be enough for Bean Sprout Senpai.
Come on, Senpai. Now that you're
all set, we're going swimming.
See you.
Hey!
Paisen's floating.
I thought he'd sink.
It's easier to float in
seawater than freshwater.
I see.
So tired.
There!
They're so full of energy.
Senpai, did you get sunburned?
Not with all that sunscreen.
It's the muscle aches that are killing me.
You're out of shape, Senpai.
What did you think, though?
Wasn't it fun being on
the beach in the summer?
Y-Yeah.
For a change, I guess.
Points of improvement for today.
You're that mage.
Senpai-kun, let me tell you a secret.
What secret?
Stay at this inn, and you'll
attain "Virgin for Life EX."
That's an upgrade!